My application searches the manga collection of libraries and returns the Title, Volume,Type, MyAnimeListScore, LibraryBranch, and Status. I choose this application because it has utility to me. I search for the top 600 manga at libaries manually and I find it hard because the library search is built for everything the library has. Ideally the library would have a list of DVDs their collection which are inthe IMDB top 250 or manga in the MAL top 600. Instead I search for movies and manga individually but it's not that much of a problem with DVDs since the number of manual searches is considerably less compared to manga. My application allows me to see all the manga the library has, and search and sort by volume, title, branch, status, score, and type. The scrapper program takes input from the list of titles and authors, search the library for each title and gets the data from every entry on each page. The backend program renders the start page, and has routes to the page to insert data to the database from the scrapper, reset theschema (drop existing tables and create their replacements) to remove the data and change potential table attributes, and the search route which displays search results based on entries from the home page. The frontend is stored in the templates folder as index.html to render the homepage and results.html to render the search results page.

The database is designed to manage information about manga, libraries, branches of libraries, and availability of manga volumes at different branches.
The database is made of five tables: manga, library, branch, availability, and branch_availability status. 




The manga data is found online from someone else who scrapped the MAL website in 2023, this 
mostly affects manga which came out after 2023 or changes in the score of manga since 2023. 
I also only consider the top 600 scored manga for my application because those are the manga
I am interested in and the method of getting availabilty data from the library is not fit 
for thousands of titles.

